New supported commands sleep and wake previews (#444)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/cli.mdx

| :-------- | :----: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| _--label_ | (list) | tag and organize preview environments using labels (multiple _--label_ flags accepted) |

#### sleep

> Sleeps a given okteto preview environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sleeps a given Okteto preview environment. Only users with admin access or who own the preview environment can take this action.
```

@andreafalzetti is this what you had in mind?

cc @teresaromero

> Sleeps an okteto preview environment. You need to provide that preview name as an argument to the command.

Reviewer 2: The "that preview name" sounds a bit odd to me, what do you think of something more concise like:

```suggestion
Sleeps a given okteto preview environment
```

or 

```suggestion
Puts the specified okteto preview environment into sleep mode
```

```console
$ okteto preview sleep [name]
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Is there any permission restriction worth mentioning? For example can anyone set to sleep global preview environments?

Reviewer 3: only admins should be able to do that action (or the owner of the preview env)

Reviewer 2: let's mention it then, wdyt @teresaromero?

Reviewer 2: I think so, I was thinking something simple like we have for `deploy`, search for: "Only users with admin access can deploy a global preview environment."

> 

Reviewer 3: @andreafalzetti that is the only resource we have on this today. Agree it needs to be improved. For now, let's link to that one. I'll add an issue on improving that page.

> 

Author: I am not sure linking this to the previews is completely ok, this article talks about resources at a namespace, and this feat is for previews, which are namespaces, but we should then explain this too? 

@pchico83 WDYT

> 

Reviewer: My vote on something like this is: let's merge this unless anyone objects and thinks this is a blocking suggestion.

Since I'm actively shifting my focus to our documentation we should be able to make quality of life improvements like this in follow-on PRs 😄

> 

Reviewer 3: Ship it!

> 

Author: Added link for article

#### wake

> Wakes an okteto preview environment. You need to provide that preview name as an argument to the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wakes an Okteto preview environment. You must provide the name of a preview environment as an argument for this command.
```
